Read the policy

Terms of Service


1. Introduction


Welcome to the Blooket Warrior website (the “Website”). In using the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and to follow these Terms as well as all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Website or any of our services.


2. Acceptance of Terms


By visiting and/or using the Website, you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to abide by all terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (the “Terms”). We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, or update these Terms from time to time without prior notice. We advise that you check these Terms periodically for changes as your continued use of the Website will constitute acceptance of any change, modification, or updates.


3. Limitations and Responsibilities


Our Website is provided “as is” and without any representations or warranties, whether express or implied. We make no representations or warranties in relation to the Website or the information, content, materials or products included on this site. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, we do not warrant that the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free. You must not misuse our Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Website, the server on which the Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.


4. Prohibited Uses


You are prohibited from using the Website to: post or transmit any content that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, pornographic, threatening, abusive or hateful; upload any materials that contain software viruses, worms, or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications; use the Website in a manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from enjoying the Website or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Website; misrepresent or fraudulently misrepresent your identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity; or scrape, duplicate or republish the Website content or any portion thereof for public or commercial use.


5. Modification or Suspension of Services


We reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Website or any features or portions thereof without prior notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Website or any part thereof.


6. Termination


We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate these Terms or your account, you may simply discontinue using the Website.


7. Contact Information


If you have any questions regarding these Terms or any other issue related to the Website, please contact us at atlasmail@onmail.com and or contact blooketlord71@gmail.com or any of our amazing helpers of the website. Also email us at warrietteam@gmail.com for questions, updates, problems.


Thanks,

Sincerely

Warriet Team.

Copyright ©2023 Warriet LLC. All Rights Reserved.
